today we have several
great recipes for your requests
living vegetarian recipes
food is the author of their marina many probably already
familiar with it from previous videos
these are unusual recipes i won't them
read how to comment all
written you can pause
read a closer look
write out or remember what you
I liked what is the feature of these
recipes they all prepare without
heat treatment without use
pots and pans
that is, imagine a dish
all kinds of here and desserts cereals and soups
and salads and some even spaghetti
they contain all the vitamins and
trace elements proteins fats and carbohydrates in
the most natural form that is alive
know that during heat treatment
many properties useful products
getting lost so here this whole kitchen she
fully preserves these properties but in
so that's when multiplied even the form of pros
in that very little time is spent on
cooking is practically necessary
some kind of grater if it is you
electric then this is a few seconds
occupies
if not electric well minute this
May take
A blender that will help you.
submersible or bowl well and actually
further your fantasy is needed yours
creative
such a creative food look and in what
feature of this food but not only
that she saves time she adds
health she is very tasty of course she
very bright this food is very healthy and
at the end you will see the mistress
this collection is of course very
a small part of what marina usually
prepares and you see what happens with
man if he turns on his diet
a large number of such
eating a meal well that contains itself
tremendous energy sun energy energy
life just dont even know what else
say you just need to try
Of course the most important thing is that these dishes
all very tasty really when
for the first time you start eating them here with me
for example, it was a feeling that I
it seemed I could not eat anything here I
I constantly ate 2 one thing the other started
try and make the second portion right there
not because I wanted to eat like me
was hungry and it was very tasty
and I wanted to, as if by habit of eating
more yummy
I really passed the first time on
it is but although it is on the whole and by the way
not reflected that is, here's how
since you can and move nothing with you
will not happen and that's what happened to
Marina when she began to use
many dishes of lively cuisine
that is, it has changed in appearance and
internally broke up with part of their
some health problems broke up
with excess weight it is absolutely easy you
you know that there are many systems of all kinds
losing weight in the first place they are temporary
and usually hinged dialed here at
marinas this does not happen because she
came to her most state
naturally most beneficial to
health
so this weight will never return
Well, I wish you
come to my channel more often
and be aware of all the news that
I have a lot of money